ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawIndexed"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "Draw"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.HRESULT , "Map"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "Unmap"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IASetInputLayout"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IASetVertexBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IASetIndexBuffer"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawIndexedInstanced"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawInstanced"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IASetPrimitiveTopology"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "Begin"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "End"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.HRESULT , "GetData"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "SetPredication"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMSetRenderTargets"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMSetRenderTargetsAndUnorderedAccessViews"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMSetBlendState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMSetDepthStencilState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "SOSetTargets"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawAuto"), void) = 0;
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawIndexedInstancedIndirect"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DrawInstancedIndirect"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "Dispatch"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DispatchIndirect"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSSetState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSSetViewports"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSSetScissorRects"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CopySubresourceRegion"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CopyResource"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "UpdateSubresource"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CopyStructureCount"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ClearRenderTargetView"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ClearUnorderedAccessViewUint"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ClearUnorderedAccessViewFloat"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ClearDepthStencilView"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GenerateMips"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "SetResourceMinLOD"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.FLOAT , "GetResourceMinLOD"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ResolveSubresource"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ExecuteCommandList"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSSetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSSetUnorderedAccessViews"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSSetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSSetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSSetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "PSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IAGetInputLayout"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IAGetVertexBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IAGetIndexBuffer"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "IAGetPrimitiveTopology"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "VSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GetPredication"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "GSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMGetRenderTargets"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMGetRenderTargetsAndUnorderedAccessViews"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMGetBlendState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "OMGetDepthStencilState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "SOGetTargets"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSGetState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSGetViewports"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "RSGetScissorRects"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "HSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "DSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSGetShaderResources"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSGetUnorderedAccessViews"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSGetShader"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSGetSamplers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "CSGetConstantBuffers"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "ClearState"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(None, "Flush"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.D3D11_DEVICE_CONTEXT_TYPE , "GetType"),
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.UINT , "GetContextFlags"), 
ctypes.STDMETHOD(ctypes.HRESULT , "FinishCommandList"), 

